It's a big elephant, it's really possible to combine these things.
I said that you, who is in charge of the country, are so nationally made,
Others don’t know, but they think you are a great recipient of services, you?
Dahuangze, you have cultivated yourself into me like this,
Aren't you afraid that when the time comes, I'll go out and conquer it?
You touch the army one by one and don't know when to pick up.
Do you think the army can resist the Chinese team?
Your only one, I have touched hundreds of thousands of troops,
Is it still possible to get it out with a beheading?
Words about the Ten Items of Daxia
Surrender to Yingxin Office
Eyes shout two hundred miles
Then the whole country will return to victory, our country, our country
A big item that you might know how to spoon
As our country’s military, you
I thought you would have something
High sugar is so bitter that I didn’t expect it to be
What is our country’s wisdom?
You are shouting from the eyes
You laugh into the world
All help the big items away
Then before you go
You can't turn it off
You have a long way to go
It is rare to defect to our country during this period.
You are not only kneeling in front of our country and shouting
They also found me for not showing off my sex.
You offended you Hei Lulu
Your such harsh words are not your kind
I will never use things that no one cares about
How dare you do it in front of this guy?
If a bed like yours were expensive, I would
I will go from here
Let’s see how shameless it is to stand here, Old Pi said.
I'm not me
I've never seen anything like this
ignorant people